# Hello, World!
You're really gonna hate this phrase soon. If you take up coding and decide to learn more languages than just Python, you'll be seeing this "Hello, World!"
thing pop up in every single introduction. It's crazy.

## Your First Code
Alright, you've got your Repl sitting there, waiting. It's time to write some code. You see that window with the cursor, blinking? To the left of the console.
Yeah, you got it. Type this in there:
```python
print("Hello, World!")
```
Then, click the "Run" button at the top. Check the console on the right. Woah! What the hell? Did you just make the computer talk? Congratulations, you are now
a wizard.

## Hang on, What did I Just Do?
What you did was execute a **statement**. Statements are actions or commands that have some sort of byproduct to them. What you wrote was called a *print statement*.
It simply tells the computer to output to the console.

#### What gets outputted?
Anything that you put between those two parenthases. In this case, it's the phrase "Hello, World!". This string of text has to be contained within single, or
double quotes (Python allows both). Try to run *this* code:
```python
print(Hello, World!)
```
You got some funky red text, didn't you? It said something about a **syntax error** I bet. A *syntax error*, simply put, is when you use the computer language wrong.
For our example, we used improper syntax for the print statement. The statement expected us to use quotes within the parenthases, but we did not. Python does not
recognize *Hello, World!* because when reading a string of text, it expects quotes before and after, hence `"Hello, World!"` and not `Hello, World!`.

Let's try something else. Maybe I want to print the words "Hello" and "World" independently:
```python
print("Hello,")
print("World!")
```
Try running this code and see what happens. Weird, they printed on two separate lines. Why is that? In Python, each print statement you write creates a new line. You
can get rid of this for any print statement by adding `, end=""` to the end of your print statement, inside the parentheses:
```python
print("Hello,", end="")
print("World!")
```
There are a couple things to notice here. First, look at the first line. Notice how there is a comma after the end of the quotes. Print statements can take in several
values, all separated by commas! So you can feed a print statement several different strings of characters, as long as you separate them by commas. The `end=""` is
specifying that the end of the print statement should not do anything, rather than start a new line. Let's modify that code. What if we wanted to add the phrase, "The
sun is shining!" to the end?
```python
print("Hello,", end="")
print("World!")
print("The sun is shining!")
```
What went wrong here? "The sun is shining!" is on a new line, but why? Didn't we tell the print statement *not* to do that anymore by adding `end=""` to the first
print statement? Nope. We only told the *first* print statement to do that. Each print statement is independent of other print statements. So you have to specify
`end=""` for every print statement that you want to apply that rule to:
```python
print("Hello,", end="")
print("World!", end="")
print("The sun is shining!", end="")
```
Let's look at one last thing. Remember how I mentioned earlier that you can add multiple strings of text to one print statement? Well... Why not just do that?!?
```python
print("Hello," ,  "World!" , "The sun is shining!")
```
Wait a minute, where did those spaces come from??? There are no spaces in "Hello," or "World!" so why did a space get added between them? When you use a comma in
a print statement, it adds a space! For strings of text, you can avoid these unwanted spaces by using **concatenation** instead. That's a fancy term for "replace the
comma with a plus":
```python
print("Hello," +  "World!" + "The sun is shining!")
```
Now, all those spaces that we never typed are no longer there! For this specific text, it's pretty silly to do since we need those spaces, but here's some code that
would make it useful:
```python
print("Hel" + "lo," ,  "Wor" + "ld!" , "The" , "sun" , "is" , "shining!")
```
Notice how I used the `+` to concatenate the split words, and the commas as delimiters for whole words. So the `+` can be used to combine pieces of text, and the `,`
can be used to space-separate text.

## Further Explorations
###### Here are some mini challenges for you to try out.

1. Change the print statement so that it instead outputs `Hello, Universe!` instead
2. Print your first name, last name, and age on three separate lines
3. Now print your first name, last name, and age on the same line, using three different print statements
4. Finally, print your first name, last name, and age using one print statement, but three different strings of text
5. Print the following strings of text: `"Man," , "lo" , "I" , "Chick" , "ve" , "-fil" , "-a!"` such that the output is `Man, I love Chick-fil-a!`
