# Arithmetic
###### You're brave for getting past that print mumbo jumbo. Time for some numbers!

## We Can Do Math!
That's right, it's time for some numbers work. You can do a bunch of math in Python, and easily see it working. For starters, let's add a new line of code to your
repl:
```python
print(2 + 2)
```
Run that. What did the console output? I bet it was 4. Was it 4? Dang, I am so good at this. That's right, the print statement accepts numbers and math, too! You can
combine numbers AND text:
```python
print("The United States has" ,  25 + 25 , "states!")
```
But Python can do more than just addition. Let's try a few different operations, shall we? How about we start with the four main **operators**:
```python
print(2 + 2)
print(10 / 2)
print(5 * 5)
print(10 - 5)
```
If you run this code, you may notice that the results are printed, but it's just a bunch of numbers, which are hard to interpret as a reader. Let's add some text
to the print statement using the skills you learned in the last section in order to make the output more readable:
```python
print("2 + 2 =", 2 + 2)
print("10 / 2 =", 10 / 2)
print("5 * 5 =", 5 * 5)
print("10 - 5 =", 10 - 5)
```
That's much better. Now you can see some of the **operators** you can use for simple math. `+` can be used for addition, `-` for subtraction, `*` for multiplication,
and `/` for division. But wait a second, why did the stuff in quotes not evaluate to any result? Aren't those numbers, too? Yes, they are numbers! But they are wrapped
in quotes, so they are read by Python as a "string" type. Let's go on to the next section to discuss those. But first, play around with the arithmetic a bit.

## Further Explorations
###### Here's a few things to try on your own to better understand arithmetic in Python:
```
Use the following information for your exploration problems:
Laura is 6, Jane is 12, Max is 15, George is 22
```
Utilizing the operators you learned in this section and the information above, perform the following tasks:
1. Write a print statement that outputs `Laura is 6 and Jane is 12, the sum of their ages is 18`
2. Write a print statement that outputs `The difference in age between Laura and Max is 9 years`
3. Write a print statement that outputs `George is 3.6666666666666665 times older than Laura`
4. Write a print statement that outputs `If I drive 60 miles per hour, and I drive for 4 hours, I will drive 240 miles`
