# Programming Languages (Simplified)
So glad you could make it! You're part of the 10% of responsible individuals who decided to start reading this part. I'm so very proud of you.

## What is a Programming Language?
You might think that a computer programming language is something that a computer understands. The horrifying part is that almost all programming languages are *not*
immediately understood by the computer. Languages come in several types, and they all build on one another. At the very bottom is the computer itself. You
need a computer in order to use a computer programming language. That's why the paper example in the introduction didn't work. On top of that is the "Machine Language"
which you need not concern yourself with. On top of the Machine Language is the "Assembly Language" which, again, you don't really need to worry about right now.
Machine and Assembly are considered **low level** languages. If you're really shooting for the stars and want to get involved with these languages, then you're likely
doing something far more advanced than what this repo has in store for you.

There are also **middle level** languages which have many features of a **high level** language, but usually require you to manually manage memory. I know you probably
don't get why memory management matters, but it really matters and it's also a pain in the ass to deal with.

Finally, we arrive to **higher level** languages. These are the ones you've likely heard of like Java, Swift, and Python. They are considered "high level" because they
use an "interpreter" or "compiler" in order for the code to be understood by the computer. As you move up this stack of language types, you tend to get closer and
closer to a more "human" way of communication. The code itself looks more like English and requires less manual management of many different functions. For example,
in the *C* language, you can't store a single word. You have to store a collection of individual characters. Now in reality, that's exactly what a language like Python
has you do, but the language abstracts that detail away and just store that collection of characters as something called a "string". To you, it looks like a single word.
But in reality, it's a collection of characters.

## So Why do Lower Level Languages Even Exist Then?
Well first of all, the computer cannot actually understand the high level code. That code has to be compiled into assembly and machine code before the computer knows what
to do with it. Additionally, lower level code is extremely fast and efficient. As you abstract it away, a lot of things are going on in the background. Some of those
automations cause quite the slowdown. Python is known for being very dynamic, which is a benefit of its high level nature. But that causes it to be pretty slow. Low level
languages are highly optimized, while Python is far generic. There are some ways to optimize Python with the use of **libraries**, but that is for larger projects. We
will be working with much simpler code in this repo. **Libraries** will mainly be utilized to access tools that the standard Python library does not have. We will go over
libraries later, anyways. For now, it's coding time.
